Wow I get a look at the menu that many
shoes right the menu is huge
the last I counted there was 126 things
on there okay great right let's start
off with oh five brotherly love
okay what about something we need okay
what is the catch of the day I saw
mahi-mahi let's do that absolutely
perfect thank you so much thank you that
caused hideous is stuck and the time of
there takes me back to 1981 okay I have
a fried ravioli for Chef Ramsay my food
is the best food that's possibly made
but the problem with the restaurant
place it was fighting so much
okay what's inside about ready please uh
it's at five cheese stuffed ravioli
then the five cheese's are I'm not sure
well it's a premade ravioli said oh how
might those are not homemade if we don't
even make them here be nice to know
what's inside them I'll find out right
now for you thank you I need to find out
what cheese's are in the ravioli yeah
read the box it's a ricotta cheese
it's a [ __ ] cheese I'm like oh no
horrible or something deep fine frozen
and even taste like cheese you got a
whole weight and you get American
guarana and a skim cheese yeah okay
perfect guys
thank you yes yeah not good transy I
checked on the cheese's for you
mascarpone mascarpone ricotta ricotta
also American guarana something called
our cheese way in the hole true blend
where the [ __ ] is that from in Italy I'd
I have no idea where that's from
oh and a skim cheese skims cheese in a
fried ravioli what does that mean it's
fat-free cheese dipped in fact it's in
five meter okay thank you okay
skim cheese in a fighh ravioli
[Music]
yeah
chef's this is some fish special to my
mind
[Music]
thank you
real hands greasy no seasoning this is
dreadful this is a special fish yes that
is special fashion tastefully
it's nice like mush well it's like it's
sort of old the food just isn't the way
it used to be
what's all the fighting going on the
standards and the quality everything
that tanked that's a special early crap
okay you said that this one right here
where the fish was just dreadful and I
thought it was perfectly fine it was
just to wave supposed to be fast from
the mouth of my shaft it knows okay guys
up here
[Music]
Chef Ramsay is here to help us and my
brother takes this attitude that it's
all [ __ ] complaints it's not you
gotta listen to those complaints and
keep your mouth shut
so everything is atrocious chef are you
tasting the food yeah you are properly
it was fresh yeah as much this excellent
for me okay let me finish this thank you
I don't need a guy to tell me that my
food sucks you don't like the food I get
the forgot it
[Music]
feeling we need Pescatore yeah what the
hell is that jump the calamari done to
these bits all tentacles here then there
are sea world that tastes as bad as it
looks
mussels the clams were Iranian calamari
had a weird texture turf chef how are
you doing with the apes' Kotori I'm
struggling strength struggling yeah I
mean I certainly don't get that taste of
Italy let me tell you that but the sauce
is so weak and it tastes disgusting we
done yes can't make everyone happy
tonight that's what we need take me into
the kitchen I haven't had anyone come
into my restaurant and safe Luigi you
don't know what the hell you doing
not even Chef Ramsay gets to do that I'm
frustrated I wish I could say that was
enjoyable lunch the deep-fried ravioli
with skinny cheese why did you put that
[ __ ] on the menu to give it to the
Americans come on
come on I'm not laughing now the fish
pursuit that was overcooked and it was
planned that was that was a perfect day
it was like cat food linguini Chris
couture Allan there is the best dish in
the mail it was my signature dish when I
opened the restaurant hosted by my food
I was just thinking for 30 years they
have no problem that's the problem there
you've been doing the exact same food
for 30 years challenge in 30 years no
one's ever challenged me you're the
first one listen you've lost your
sparkle I don't believe this is the same
man that was the young maestro that was
written about 30 years ago come on
there's something missing I don't know
what it is on the back of the fragmented
relationship you've got with your
brother but the hearts gone there's got
to be some magic somewhere inside that
was once there but I need it back he
can't tell me that I don't know what the
hell I'm doing in my kitchen I've been
known him for 30 years
you